You
What's the new seduction trick?
I didn't seduce
So loud
I won't help you bring people back
Sir, can you get up first?
Let me out!
Figure it out for yourself
Why does he always remind me of this?
Thank you for the outfit
What new makeup are you playing?
Are you too narcissistic?
In your eyes
Are all women greedy for hypocrisy?
They all want nothing from you
Why am I dressed like this?
It's all thanks to your young lady Xi
That's not possible.
He is by no means such a calculating person
Don't let me hear bad things about you in the future
Why aren't you leaving?
Sishaw is investigating the new governor
It seems that you have more than just a character problem
I also like to eavesdrop on people
If I say I can find information on the governor
And there is still a way to ask him out for dinner
Do you know
The master apprentice is mysterious
The wealthy families of the entire battlefield
Have been rejected helplessly by this
Just what do you take
How do you know if you don't try it?